To print all paths of a tree
First let us create a function print paths that takes
the root node as an argument inside that function
let us create an array to store the path elements. So write
int paths[100] from here let us call the
actual recursive function to print the paths by passing the root node
paths array and path length as arguments
Print pathrecur of root node paths array and path length
initially it is zero
So the print pathsrecur function will receive root node
paths array and path length as parameters
Now let us build the logic to print the paths
If root is equal to null, it is an empty tree
So we can return straight away.
Otherwise we need to store the root data in the
paths array and increment path length variable. So write
paths[pathLength ++] equal to root->data
After that we need to recursively
call all the left and right sub trees
to finish the task. For the left sub tree
write print_paths_recur of root left paths pathsLength
For right sub tree write print_paths_recur
of root-right paths and path length
So as we discussed in the hint video, both left
and right recursive calls will add the path elements one
by one recursively
And finally we need to add printing logic to this programme.
Whenever the recursive call reaches the leaf node
We need to stop the recursive calls and print the
path details which is present in the paths array
So before the recursive calls we need to check whether
we have reached the leaf node or not.
For that, write if root-left equal to null and root-right equal to null
that is if both left and right child is null
we have reached the leaf node . So we
can print the path details. For that write
print(paths, path length). So the print function will print
the elements present in the paths array till path length
So if it is not a leaf node, we have
to execute the recursive calls. So place both recursive
calls inside an else block
Now we have almost finished our task
Finally we just need to write the logic for the
print function which is very simple.
Just print the paths array using for loop till path length
And this is the logic for that.
So that's it. We have implemented the logic for printing
the paths in a tree.